{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20020\viewh15600\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\f1\b Session 1\

\f0\b0 \

\f1\b Session Name: 
\f0\b0 (If relevant)\
\

\f1\b Location:
\f0\b0  \

\f1\b Date:
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b Performer 1:
\f0\b0  name\

\f1\b Performer 2:
\f0\b0  name\

\f1\b Technician:
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b Which txalaparta:
\f0\b0   (who owns it? etc.)\

\f1\b Other people present: 
\f0\b0 \
\
\

\f1\b Information: (any relevant information that you would like to note down for future recollection and archival purposes, such as the below)\

\f0\b0 \
This session was recorded in Bilbao, with four people present. We practiced two hours before and then started recording. We did 4 takes. Those are all in the session folder with a time stamp.\
\
\

\f1\b Tech setup:
\f0\b0 \
\

\f1\b Soundcard:
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b Contact mics:
\f0\b0 \
\
\

\f1\b Txalaparta Space setup:
\f0\b0 \
\
		p1r 		p1l\
  	==================  	plk1\
	==================	plk2\
	==================	plk3\
		p2l		p2r\
\
\
\
\

\f1\b PREPARATION NOTE:
\f0\b0  We need to know which channel is which hand (or stick). This is for all kinds of future analysis. So it would make sense to mark the sticks (for example with red tape or marker on the left stick, and a green on the right stick for each player). Make sure the sticks are not swapped. \
\
This stick-to-channel information is recorded into a CSV file (which can be read by all software that might want to analyse the files). This is done in the SuperCollider file and before recording, please adjust the channels to the sticks and planks in the dictionary called recInfo.\
\
\
audio recording channels: 		ch0,	ch1, 	ch2, 	ch3, 	ch4, 	ch5, 	ch6\
batons and plank numbers: 	p1l, 	p1r, 	p2l, 	p2r, 	plk1, plk2,	plk3\
\
\
This is the dictionary in the SuperCollider file that needs to be changed.\
\
recInfo  = ().put(\\ch0, \'93p1l\'94)\
		.put(\\ch1, \'93p1r\'94)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 		.put(\\ch2, \'93p2l\'94)\
		.put(\\ch3, \'93p2r\'94)\
		.put(\\ch4, \'93plk1\'94)\
		.put(\\ch5, \'93plk2\'94)\
		.put(\\ch6, \'93plk3\'94)\
		.put(\\ch7, \'93whatever\'94)\
\
}